Culture Convos 5 & 6 from Marksman (#6495)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/culture conversations.txt

mission "Class Trip to Port"
	minor
	source
		attributes "south"
		not attributes "station"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`A group of children wave at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the ships on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You could see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walked past, yet none of them looked one bit displeased. You wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars as you make your way into the spaceport itself.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`A group of children wave at you as you make your way to the port, marveling at the ships on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You could see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walked past, yet none of them looked one bit displeased. You wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars as you make your way into the spaceport itself.`
```

Author: Then it no longer makes sense as an interruption between disembarking, and the last line going to the port.

> 			`A group of children wave at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the ships on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You could see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walked past, yet none of them looked one bit displeased. You wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars as you make your way into the spaceport itself.`

Reviewer: Okay, how about this? I was trying to get rid of one of the uses of 'ship', since it sounded repetitive. 
```suggestion
			`A group of children wave at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You could see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walked past, yet none of them looked one bit displeased. You wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars as you make your way into the spaceport itself.`
```

> 			`A group of children wave at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You can see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walks past, yet none of them look one bit displeased. While you make your way into the spaceport itself, you wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
			`A group of children waves at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You can see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walks past, yet none of them look one bit displeased. While you make your way into the spaceport itself, you wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars.`
```

> 			`A group of children wave at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You could see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walked past, yet none of them looked one bit displeased. You wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars as you make your way into the spaceport itself.`

Reviewer 3: Again, I don't know why the middle sentence is past tense.

Author: Because Marksman wrote them all in past tense and I did my conversions hastily and late at night. 
```suggestion
			`A group of children wave at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You can see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walks past, yet none of them look one bit displeased. You wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars as you make your way into the spaceport itself.`
```

Reviewer 3: lgtm

> 			`A group of children wave at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You could see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walked past, yet none of them looked one bit displeased. You wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars as you make your way into the spaceport itself.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
			`A group of children wave at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You could see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walked past, yet none of them looked one bit displeased. While you make your way into the spaceport itself, you wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars.`
```

Seems to flow better better, subjectively.

> 			`A group of children waves at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers try and fail to hold their attention. You can see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walks past, yet none of them look one bit displeased. While you make your way into the spaceport itself, you wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars.`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			`A group of children waves at you as you step off your ship, marveling at the spacecraft on display as their teachers fail to hold their attention. You can see the fading of their uniform colors from afar as their group walks past, yet none of them look one bit displeased. While you make your way into the spaceport itself, you wonder how many of them may eventually own their own spaceship and fly across the stars.`
```

Reviewer 5: Yeah, I personally prefer the original wording here as well.

Reviewer 6: I'd agree.

				decline

mission "Sojourn Sunday Sales"
	minor
	source

> 		government "Free Worlds"

Reviewer 2: This specific mission might fit better on a Syndicate world.

Author: It's meant to show that the affluent urban Free Worlds are still much like everywhere else.

Reviewer 2: Fair enough, makes sense.

		attributes "urban"
		not attributes "station"
	to offer
		random < 1
	on offer
		conversation

> 			`You blink in surprise as you enter the spaceport, watching throngs of people pushing their way through the human chains of queues wrapped around the commercial area. You scan your surroundings and notice advertisements upon advertisements of vacation locations, all at an absurdly high discount. Yet you cannot help but notice that to the younger you, it'd still be a price you'd never be willing to spend on such things.`

Reviewer 5: Feels like this could use a little more elaboration. To me, the last sentence doesn't logically follow what's said before it super well.

Reviewer 6: The idea here was that in the past as a factory worker, this kind of travel is still expensive. How that should be rephrased ATM, idk.

Author: ```suggestion
			`You blink in surprise as you enter the spaceport, watching throngs of people pushing their way through the human chains of queues wrapped around the commercial area. You scan your surroundings and notice advertisements upon advertisements of vacation locations, all at an absurdly high discount. Yet despite the vastly reduced prices the advertised holidays still cost such large sums that you cannot help but think that a younger you could never have justified such expense.`
```

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`You blink in surprise as you enter the spaceport, watching throngs of people pushing their way through the human chains of queues wrapped around the commercial area. You scan your surroundings and notice advertisements upon advertisements of vacation locations, all at an absurdly high discount. Yet despite their vastly reduced prices, the advertised holidays still cost such large sums that a younger you could never have justified such expense.`
```
That's a loooong sentence. I think adding that comma in and removing the `you cannot help but think` helps reduce wordiness. I think maybe rephrasing helped a lot more with understanding than elaboration - my apologies for not understanding that root issue.

> 			`You blink in surprise as you enter the spaceport, watching throngs of people pushing their way through the human chains of queues wrapped around and around the commercial area. You look around and see advertisements upon advertisements of vacation locations, all at an absurdly high discount. Yet you couldn't help but notice that to the younger you, it'd still be a price you'd never have be willing to spend on such things.`

Reviewer 3: Third "around" in a row feels a bit clumsy. Also, there's two constructs à la "ads upon ads", "around and around" close together, which feels a bit on the nose.

```suggestion
			`You blink in surprise as you enter the spaceport, watching throngs of people pushing their way through the human chains of queues wrapped around the commercial area. You scan your surroundings and notice advertisements upon advertisements of vacation locations, all at an absurdly high discount. Yet you cannot help but notice that to the younger you, it'd still be a price you'd never be willing to spend on such things.`
```

Author: It's meant to be slightly on the nose, I like this version though.
